docs(dist-custom-elements): update docs for autoDefineCustomElements option (#884)
ionic-team/stencil-site: src/docs/output-targets/custom-elements.md

### autoDefineCustomElements

By default, consumers of the `dist-custom-elements` output target need to
register each Stencil component that they want to use in the bundle manually.

> Setting this flag to `true` will add a call to the `defineCustomElement` helper

Reviewer: This sentence reads a little off to me. I think that

> helper function for each function to it's module, which will be called when it is exported.

is a little difficult to follow.

I wonder if we could rephrase this such that we can achieve the same affect with:
```suggestion
Setting this flag to `true` will define a component automatically with the
`CustomElementRegistry`. It will also recursively define all child components
of a component.
```

We actually don't ever mention `defineCustomElement` anywhere else on the page 😬 We probably should, but that's another issue for another day.

> Setting this flag to `true` will add a call to the `defineCustomElement` helper

Reviewer: IDK why GitHub kept this around, disregard/you already addressed this 🤷
